---
layout: post
title: Tim Menzies
category: people

excerpt: Lab Director, Ph.D. (UNSW), Professor 

---

 
<img align=right width=200
src="{{site.url}}/img/timm.png"> Tim Menzies (Ph.D.,
UNSW, 1995) is a full Professor in CS at North
Carolina State University where he teaches software
engineering and search-based SE.  His research
relates to synergies between human and artificial
intelligence, with particular application to data
mining for software engineering.  He is the author
of over 230 referred publications; and is one of the
100 most cited authors in software engineering out
of over 39,000 researchers.

In his career, he has been a lead researcher on
projects for NSF, NIJ, DoD, NASA, USDA, as well as
joint research work with private companies.
Prof. Menzies is the co-founder of the PROMISE
conference series devoted to reproducible
experiments in software engineering.  He is an
associate editor of IEEE Transactions on Software
Engineering, Empirical Software Engineering and the
Automated Software Engineering Journal. In 2015, he
will serve as co-chair for the ICSE'15 NIER track.
For more information, see [his
vita](http://menzies.us) or [his list of
publications](pubs.html).

